As above, please prepare some money for your classmates.
It can be said that the practice
It doesn't make sense.
He broke up with me again
Now with Qin Ming
How dare he?
Do you know what he gave up?
Simply unattainable
Since it is not suitable
It's good to end early
He doesn't deserve you at all
Do you want someone to invite him to buy it?
Never mind.
I like one enough.
Say what
This is sent to you by Yanni Chang, the first female god of war
Is there a prize for the bronze banquet?
He sent me an invitation to the alluring banquet
It's funny
Today you will make him the king of Beijing
He hasn't released your identity yet
I even sent you an invitation letter.
I went to Beijing as far away as possible
If it weren't for the help of his mother Yue Yun
I'm afraid so.
I can't achieve the joy of the Qing army either
Back then, Yue Yi
I still want to make a marriage contract for me and Yan Di
I refused because of hate
I didn't expect it.
It's really different now
You already know Zhou Xiaoming's kindness
May you overcome obstacles for many years
All the way up
Now you are the first goddess of war in the building
Interpret the truth that challenges you
Today you will canonize him as the King of Beijing
It has been a great gift to him
Having said that
But this is also what he deserves for daring to fight
Not really.
If he sends an invitation
We invite you to join us in witnessing his canonization ceremony
I must also be missing you.
Since you have broken up with Chen Feifei
Would you like to consider teaching?
You quit
Please cook early in the morning
No, the party is about to start
I'm going to change clothes
You went and arranged for my mother, yeah